1. How many total thread blocks do we use?
  A: dim3 DimGrid((dim-1)/BLOCK_SIZE+1, (dim-1)/BLOCK_SIZE+1, 1); This line of code is showing how many total thread blocks we use. The dimension grid shows the total thread blocks we use. With the thread block dimension being 16x16, the tile size is 16 which means the block size is 16. We are doing 1000x1000 matrices so the total thread blocks are (1000-1)/16+1, (1000-1)/16+1 which will be 63.4375 times 63.4375 rounding up to 4025.
2. Are all thread blocks full? That is, do all threads in the thread block have data to operate on?
  A: No, not all thread blocks are full. Not all threads in the thread block have data to operate on. The input determines whether the thread blocks gets filled to max and be full. If the input is small, then the thread blocks will not be full and all the threads don't have data to operate on.
3. How can this basic Matrix Addition program be improved? (What changes do you think can be made to speed up the code?)
  A: This basic matrix addition program is pretty good as it is already and can run good without any improvement. But there are definitely something that can be improved to speed up the code. The matrix addition program can be improved by making use of the GPU memory address spaces because the GPU has 3 address spaces to support increasing visibility of data between threads: local, shared, global in addition to two more read only address spaces which is constant and texture. Having shared memory address space can be used as a software managed cache to avoid off chip memory accesses. 